docs: Cleanup obsolete EEA projects and update info about EEA main website (#5943)
plone/volto: README.md

- [plone.org.br](https://github.com/plonegovbr/plone.org.br) - Volto project for the [Brazilian Plone Community](https://plone.org.br)
- [nsw-design-system-plone6-kit](https://github.com/pretagov/nsw-design-system-plone6-kit) - NSW Design System Plone 6 Kit Volto project for [NSW.gov.au sites](https://digitalnsw.pretagov.com.au/)
- [volto-centraalmuseum-theme](https://github.com/intk/volto-centraalmuseum-theme) - Volto project for the [Centraal Museum & Rietveld](https://www.centraalmuseum.nl/nl) made for [INTK](https://www.intk.com/en).
- [volto-eea-design-system](https://github.com/eea/volto-eea-design-system) - EEA Design System Plone 6 Kit Volto project for [European Environment Agency web sites](https://eea.github.io/volto-eea-design-system/)
- [volto-eea-website-theme](https://github.com/eea/volto-eea-website-theme) - EEA Plone 6 Volto Theme for [European Environment Agency web sites](https://www.eea.europa.eu/en)

> - [volto-eea-kitkat](https://github.com/eea/volto-eea-kitkat) - A known good set of Volto addons to be used within all EEA projects and beyond made for [European Environment Agency](https://www.eea.europa.eu/en)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [volto-eea-kitkat](https://github.com/eea/volto-eea-kitkat) - A known good set of Volto add-ons to be used within all EEA projects and beyond, made for [European Environment Agency](https://www.eea.europa.eu/en)
```
